Rel 4.9.0.4 (#38)
pcengines/pcengines.github.io: _posts/2019-04-09-PC-Engines-Firmware-v4-9-0-4.md

   the **fastboot** is possible **only** during **S3 wakeup**.
6. We have been reached by our customers with a question about
   **ROCA TPM vulnerability** for Infineon SLB9665 chips present on
   **TPM1a modules**. The engineers verified that the **TPMs are vulnerable**.
   For details and mitigation refer to the [documentation](https://github.com/pcengines/apu2-documentation/blob/master/docs/research/ROCA.md).
   The document describes how to **upgrade TPM firmware** and
   **get rid of the vulnerability**.
7. Added a [list of supported and verified mPCIe modules](https://github.com/pcengines/apu2-documentation/blob/master/docs/mpcie_modules.md).
   The list also describes **known issues** with modules and **workarounds** to get the **modules working** properly. Please check the list when
   encountered any issues with mPCIe modules. Contribution is welcome. Also be
   sure to check whether the slot is compatible with the module. In order to do so, look at the interfaces connected to each mPCIe slot [here](https://github.com/pcengines/apu2-documentation/blob/master/docs/APU_mPCIe_capabilities.md) and the interfaces required by the module in its

>    product specification etc.

Reviewer: @miczyg1 80 char wrapping?

Author: fixed

## Statistics

![Files Changed](https://cloud.3mdeb.com/index.php/s/L2FzDtTe6bLf3DB/preview)

The chart shows the total files changed from release tag against the rebase
point of given release specified in CHANGELOG (CHANGELOG.md and gitlab-ci.yml
excluded from statistics). Check the statistics with:

```
git diff --stat 7a732b4 ':(exclude)gitlab-ci.yml' ':(exclude)CHANGELOG.md'
```

`72 files changed, 2240 insertions(+), 138 deletions(-)`

![Process of mainlining](https://cloud.3mdeb.com/index.php/s/c5rmF8zXpkzYcHx/preview)

The chart represents the total line added and deleted on the PC Engines

> corebootÂ fork against the rebase point for given release. Check the statistics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
coreboot fork against the rebase point for a given release. Check the statistics
```

Author: fixed
